T[2-3 weeks] For ur task, I want u to do an Airtable clone. Use https://create.t3.gg/, deploy on
Vercel.

   ●​   Use the TanStack table library for the table UIs.
   ●​   Use PostgreSQL for DB.
   ●​   Just focus on the main page with tables, columns, and cells.
   ●​   UI needs to match 1:1 with Airtable
   ●​   You don’t have to implement all functionalities.
   ●​   Be able to log in via Google and create bases. In each base, I can create tables.
   ●​   Be able to dynamically add columns.
            ○​ Text and Number type coluamns are fine for now
   ●​   Editing cells, and the arrow keys + tab key should move me across the table smoothly
   ●​   Creating a new table will show default rows and columns. User fakerjs for data
   ●​   I want to see a table w/ 100k rows and scroll down without lag
            ○​ Add a button I can click that will add 100k rows to my table.
            ○​ Implement virtualized infinite scroll using TRPC’s hooks and TanStack virtualizer
   ●​   I want to be able to search across all the cells. Make this act as a filter for the rows.
   ●​   I want to be able to create a 'view' of a table and save the following configurations
            ○​ Filters on columns: for both numbers (greater than, smaller than) and text (is not
                empty, is empty, contains, not contains, equal to)
            ○​ Simple sorting on columns: for text A→Z, Z→A, for numbers, do decreasing or
                increasing
            ○​ Search, filter, and sort have to be done at the database level
            ○​ Can search through and hide/show columns.
   ●​   Make sure there's a loading state
   ●​   The ultimate goal - if there are 1m rows, it can still load without an issue!

Please send daily updates to the Slack channel and timestamp it with day 1, day 2, day 3 etc.

Disclaimer: Lyra will not be using your take home project for any commercial purposes.​
​
Click form button, goes to another ui, auto loads fields, shows one input per field, and on
submit, it add a row row at the bottom with those values. If fields change, the form updates
dynamically.
